Add release note for 2.6.3. (#9305)
apache/pulsar: site2/website/release-notes.md

## Apache Pulsar Release Notes

> ### 2.6.3 &mdash; 2020-11-25 <a id=“2.7.0”></a>

Reviewer: Is 2.7.0 good? Should it be 2.7.0?

#### Broker

- Update BookKeeper version to 4.11.1 [#8604](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8604)

> - Use correct configuration for zk-cache expire time [#8302](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8302)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use the correct configuration for the expiration time of the ZooKeeper cache [#8302](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8302)
```

> - Refresh ZooKeeper-data cache in background to avoid deadlock and blocking IO on ZK thread [#8304](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8304)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Refresh ZooKeeper-data cache in background to avoid deadlock and blocking IO on the ZooKeeper thread [#8304](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8304)
```

> - Add elapsedMs in the create ledger log [#8473](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8473)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add `elapsedMs` in the creation of the ledger log [#8473](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8473)
```

> - Fix race condition when calling acknowledgementWasProcessed() [#8499](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8499)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix the race condition when calling `acknowledgementWasProcessed()` [#8499](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8499)
```

> - Fixed handling errors for client requests [#8518](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8518)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix the way to handle errors for client requests [#8518](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8518)
```

- Expose consumer names after the mark delete position for the Key_Shared subscription [#8545](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8545)
- Close topics that remain fenced forcefully [#8561](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8561)

> - Expose last disconnected timestamp for producer and consumer [#8605](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8605)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Expose the last disconnected timestamp for producers and consumers [#8605](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8605)
```

> - Support HAProxy proxy protocol for broker and proxy [#8686](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8686)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Support the HAProxy proxy protocol for Pulsar broker and Pulsar Proxy [#8686](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8686)
```

> - Clear delayed messages when clear backlog [#8691](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8691)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Clear delayed messages when clearing the backlog [#8691](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8691)
```

> - Fix Jclouds Azure credential error [#8693](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8693)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix the Jclouds Azure credential error [#8693](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8693)
```

> - Improve env config handling [#8709](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8709)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improve environment configiguration handling [#8709](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8709)
```

> - Fix cannot get lastMessageId for an empty topic due to message retention [#8725](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8725)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue with failing to get `lastMessageId` for an empty topic due to message retention [#8725](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8725)
```

> - Make sure Offload manager initialization once [#8739](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8739)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ensure that the Offload manager is initialized once [#8739](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8739)
```

> - Fix get partition metadata problem for a non-existed topic [#8818](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8818)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue with getting partition metadata for a non-existed topic [#8818](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8818)
```

> - Fix exception cast error [#8828](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8828)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix the exception cast error [#8828](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8828)
```

- Export Prometheus metric for messageTTL [#8871](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8871)

> - Fix GenericJsonReader converts the null value to string "null" [#8883](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8883)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that GenericJsonReader converts the null value to string "null" [#8883](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8883)
```

- Capture stats with precise backlog [#8928](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8928)
- Monitor if a cursor moves its mark-delete position [#8930](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8930)

> - Intercept beforeSendMessage calls [#8932](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8932)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Intercept `beforeSendMessage` calls [#8932](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8932)
```

- Expose non-contiguous deleted messages ranges stats [#8936](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8936)

> - Fix NPE in PersistentStickyKeyDispatcherMultipleConsumers [#8969](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8969)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix NPE in `PersistentStickyKeyDispatcherMultipleConsumers` [#8969](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8969)
```

> - Fix peeking at compressed messages throws an exception (Readonly buffers not supported by Airlift) [#8990](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8990)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix the issue that an exception is thrown when peeking at compressed messages (Readonly buffers are not supported by Airlift) [#8990](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8990)
```

> - Remove duplicated broker prometheus metrics type [#8995](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8995)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Remove the duplicated broker Prometheus metrics type [#8995](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8995)
```

> - Improve error handling when broker doesn't trust client certificates [#8998](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8998)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Improve the way to handle errors when the broker does not trust client certificates [#8998](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8998)
```

> - Add raw prometheus metrics provider [#9021](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/9021)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add the raw Prometheus metrics provider [#9021](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/9021)
```

> - Support chained authentication with same auth method name [#9094](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/9094)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Support chained authentication with same authentication method name [#9094](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/9094)
```

- Fix regression in apply-config-from-env.py [#9097](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/9097)

#### Proxy

> - Fix request.getContentLength() to return 0 if it is less than 0 [#8448](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8448)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix the `request.getContentLength()` to return 0 if it is less than 0 [#8448](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8448)
```

> - Add error log for pulsar proxy starter [#8451](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8451)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add the error log for the Pulsar Proxy starter [#8451](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8451)
```

> - Support enable WebSocket on Pulsar Proxy [#8613](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8613)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Support enabling WebSocket on Pulsar Proxy [#8613](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/pull/8613)
```
